Teams - main branch (Make PRs against this branch!) (#140)
mulesoft/docs-access-management: modules/ROOT/pages/configure-teams.adoc

= Configure Teams

ifndef::env-site,env-github[]
include::_attributes.adoc[]
endif::[]

> Every root organization has a main _parent team_ that appears by default. Every user in your organization is a member of the highest parent team and receives all permissions therein.

Reviewer: Suggestion: We've been calling the auto-provisioned team the `root team` which pairs nicely with `root organization`

```suggestion
Every root organization has a _root team_ that appears by default. Every user in your organization is automatically a member of this root team and receives all permissions therein.
```

You can create _child teams_ under the parent team and configure those teams to have different sets of permissions.
After you create child teams and assign permissions, you can add users to each of your teams according to what permissions the users should have.
Further, you can assign _team maintainers_ who can modify users and permissions within the teams they maintain.

> Users who have the Organization Administrator permission can also change the name of a team, move child teams under different parent teams, or delete teams.

Reviewer: - Org Admins of the root org can do this for all teams
- Team maintainers can do this for teams they maintain

Reviewer: Hmm... I'm wondering if maybe it'll be easier to phrase the Org Admin / Team Maintainer interactions differently. Being an Org Admin can make you a Team Maintainer, in certain circumstances. 

- All Admins can create teams under the Root Team. They will automatically become maintainers of the teams they create.
- All Admins can assign permissions for their business group to any of existing teams or users
- Admins of the Root Org are Team Maintainers of the Root Team by default
- A Team Maintainer is automatically a maintainer of all child teams of the team they maintain
- And then this statement becomes 
```
Maintainers can do the following operations on their teams: 
- Change their names
- Add or remove members
- Add or remove additional maintainers
- Move their teams under different parent teams (that they also maintain)
- Delete them
```

without having to qualify that maintainers or some types of org admins can do it every time

Author: Yeah, I prefer this approach. I think I'll go with it. Thank you for this!!

> Users who have the Organization Administrator permission can also change the name of a team, move child teams under different parent teams, or delete teams.

Author: ```suggestion
Team maintainers can do the following operations on their teams: 

* Change the team name
* Add or remove members from the team
* Add or remove additional team maintainers
* Move the team under different parent teams (if they maintain the other parent team)
* Delete the team
```

== Create a Child Team

> If you have the Organization Administrator permission or are a team maintainer, you can create child teams under a parent team.

Reviewer: - Org Admins of the Root Org can do this anywhere
- Org Admins of Business Groups can do this under the Root Team (at which point they become maintainers of said team)
- Team maintainers can do this for teams they maintain

> If you have the Organization Administrator permission or are a team maintainer, you can create child teams under a parent team.

Author: ```suggestion
If you have the Organization Administrator permission in your root organization, you can create child teams under any existing parent teams, including the root team. Users who have the Organization Administrator permission in business groups can create child teams under the root team and then become team maintainers for that team. Additionally, team maintainers can create child teams under teams that they maintain.
```

The child team inherits permissions from its parent team, but you configure additional permissions for its users.

To create a child team in the Teams feature interface:

include::partial$include-nav-steps-org-admin.adoc[]

. In the Access Management navigation menu, click *Teams*.
. Select *Create Team*.
. Enter a unique and intuitive name for your child team. +
You can use only alphanumeric characters, hyphens, commas, periods, and spaces. The character limit is 255.
+
. Select a parent team.
. Select *Save*.

The child team appears under its parent team in the list of teams. You can also select a parent team and navigate to the *Child teams* tab to see a list of all child teams under that parent team.

== Manage Team Permissions

When you begin using the Teams feature, your organization’s main team is named “Everyone at <Your Organization>” and does not have any permissions assigned.
If you have the Organization Administrator permission, you can configure permissions for this team in addition to child teams.

> If you invite users to “Everyone at <Your Organization>” without assigning any permissions to that team, your users cannot perform execute tasks or view assets.

Reviewer: What does this line mean?

Author: This could be obsolete, but previously I think the idea was that if the root team didn't have basic permissions and the user who was invited wasn't assigned a role/team/any permissions, they couldn't do anything at all. Is this still the case?

Reviewer: It'll be the same as today if you invite a user without assigning them any role groups. I think they get access to the Exchange public portal and some parts of API Manager?

If you have the Organization Administrator permission in a specific business group but not your entire organization, you can assign these permissions to any of existing teams or users within your organization.

To configure permissions for teams in the Teams feature interface:

include::partial$include-nav-steps-team-maintainer.adoc[]

. Click the team for which you want to configure permissions.
. Click the *Permissions* tab.
. In the *Permissions* section, click *Add permissions*
. In the *Select Permissions* window, select the permissions that you want to add, and then select *Select contexts*.
. Select the business groups and environments to which you want to apply the permissions, and then select *Review*. +
The permissions you selected appear alongside the business groups and environments to which they apply.
+
. Select *Apply permissions*. +
The permissions you selected appear in the *Permissions* section for your team.

== Manage Team Users

> If you have the Organization Administrator permission in your root organization or are a team maintainer, you can add members to existing teams using three methods:

Author: ```suggestion
If you have the Organization Administrator permission in your root organization, you can add members to existing teams using three methods:
```

* The Teams feature interface

> * Sending an invitation to a new user via email

Reviewer: Team maintainers cannot invite new users - only Org Admins can do that

* External group mapping

[[invite-users-with-teams]]
=== Add Users using the Teams Interface

include::partial$include-nav-steps-team-maintainer.adoc[]

. In the *Teams* page, select the team to which you want to add a user.
. Select *Add members*.
. Select the name of each user you want to add to the team.

> . Select the membership status that you want to assign to each user: team member or team maintainer.

Author: ```suggestion
. Select the membership status that you want to assign to each user: team member or team maintainer. + 
A user who is added as a team maintainer receives team maintainer permissions as soon as you confirm their membership. 
+
```

. Select *Add member*. +

> The user is added to the team and receives the team’s permissions.

Reviewer: Is it worth noting that if the user is added as a maintainer, they gain maintainer permissions too?

Author: Yes, definitely.

=== Add Users using Email Invitations

> When you send an email to invite a new user to your organization, you can specify a team to which the user is added automatically when they accept your invitation. The user is also automatically added to your organization’s parent team, known as “Everyone at <Your Organization>” by default.

Reviewer: nit: You can specify more than one team

Author: ```suggestion
When you send an email to invite a new user to your organization, you can specify teams to which the user is added automatically when they accept your invitation. The user is also automatically added to your organization’s root team, known as “Everyone at <Your Organization>” by default.
```

You can designate a team maintainer to delegate team maintenance responsibilities to users without giving them additional permissions, or you can remove the team maintainer designation and convert users back to team members.

include::partial$include-nav-steps-team-maintainer-admin.adoc[]

. In the *Members* section, navigate to the user whom you want to designate as a team maintainer.
. In the *Type* selector, select either *Maintainer* or *Member*. +
The team membership for the user is updated.

[[change-team-name]]
== Change the Name of  a Team

include::partial$include-nav-steps-team-settings.adoc[]

. In the *Name* box, enter a new name for your team. +
You can use only alphanumeric characters, hyphens, commas, periods, and spaces. The character limit is 255.
+
. Click *Save changes*. +
Your team is renamed.

== Move a Team

include::partial$include-nav-steps-team-settings.adoc[]

. In the *Parent Team* list, select the new parent team.
. Click *Save Changes*. +
Your team and its child teams now reside under the parent team you selected.

== Delete a Team

> You must have the Organization Administrator permission to delete a team. Once you delete a team, the team cannot be restored. You cannot delete the parent team that represents your entire root organization.

Author: ```suggestion
You must have the Organization Administrator permission to delete a team. Once you delete a team, the team cannot be restored. You cannot delete the root team that represents your entire root organization.
```

> = Configure Teams

Reviewer 2: Has the Teams feature previously been described? 
Because this intro does not name it, but then it comes up in the tasks.

ifndef::env-site,env-github[]
include::_attributes.adoc[]
endif::[]

> Every root organization has a _root team_ that appears by default. Every user in your organization is automatically a member of this root team and receives all permissions therein.

Reviewer 2: "root organization" (team) vs. "your organization" (team)? 

Should we clarify that because your org belongs to the root org, its members (org team) belong to the root team and thereby inherit all root team permissions?

Maybe we should begin with "you":
```suggestion
Because every user in your organization team is automatically a member of the root organization team, each inherits all permissions of the root org team.
```
It would be good to avoid the org/team dichotomy when possible...or to define the diff up front and then be very exacting thereafter, which might be tedious.... The following reference to "parent" team is unclear: is that the root team or your org team?

Reviewer 2: We might need to clarify that the root org is the parent of child orgs that might also be parent orgs of child orgs of their own. Yikes. Illo?

> You can create _child teams_ under the parent team and configure those teams to have different sets of permissions.

Reviewer 2: different from...what? Clarify from one another.

Author: ```suggestion
You can create _child teams_ under the parent team and configure those teams to have different sets of permissions based on the needs of the respective team members.
```

After you create child teams and assign permissions, you can add users to each of your teams according to what permissions the users should have.
Further, you can assign _team maintainers_ who can modify users and permissions within the teams they maintain.

> 

Reviewer 2: I know I have edited this before, but I often see new things with each edit (and I often did not have the time to slowly and carefully consider everything, due to scheduling).
That said, think about this for next time: is your focus on types of teams or on distinct permissions.
This text focuses on the former more than the latter, I think.
If the real point here is that the user has the opportunity to customize and make access more secure at the child-team level, than we need to reword the previous text a bit.

> Team maintainers can do the following operations on their teams: 

Reviewer 2: Per style ref, we don't "do" operations; we "perform" them. And I would guess that we are focusing on customizing teams rather than performing operations on them:
```suggestion
Team maintainers can manage their teams in the following ways: 
```

* Change the team name
* Add or remove members from the team
* Add or remove additional team maintainers

> * Move the team under different parent teams (if they maintain the other parent team)

Reviewer 2: Clarify: Does this keep the team under the original parent?
Does this mean move to more than one parent at a time?
I would be tempted to word something about giving the team a new parent, without deleting the original parent.

* Delete the team

== Create a Child Team

> If you have the Organization Administrator permission in your root organization, you can create child teams under any existing parent teams, including the root team. Users who have the Organization Administrator permission in business groups can create child teams under the root team and then become team maintainers for that team. Additionally, team maintainers can create child teams under teams that they maintain.

Reviewer 2: This para goes from you have a permission to users who have a permission to team maintainers. 
I would put the emphasis on "you":
```suggestion
You can create child teams under the following circumstances:
- If you are the Organization Administrator for root, you can create child teams at any org level.
- If you are the Organization Administrator for a business group, you can create child teams at the root level and become the maintainer for that team.
- If you are a team maintainer, you can create child teams for that team.
```
I'm pretty sure I suggested an illustration for this at some point, or a table. Might help.

> The child team inherits permissions from its parent team, but you configure additional permissions for its users.

Reviewer 2: ```suggestion
All child teams inherit user permissions from their parents, but you configure additional permissions.
```
I don't know if this belongs here or earlier in the topic set, when you are first describing org/team levels and access.

> To create a child team in the Teams feature interface:

Reviewer 2: Does the audience know where to find the Teams interface? 
Why do we need to include "feature" if it is init. capped?
Is "Teams" a UI label?

Author: ```suggestion
To create a child team in the *Teams* page:
```

include::partial$include-nav-steps-org-admin.adoc[]

include::partial$include-nav-teams.adoc[]

. Select *Create Team*.
. Enter a unique and intuitive name for your child team. +
You can use only alphanumeric characters, hyphens, commas, periods, and spaces. The character limit is 255.
+
. Select a parent team.
. Select *Save*.

> The child team appears under its parent team in the list of teams. You can also select a parent team and navigate to the *Child teams* tab to see a list of all child teams under that parent team.

Reviewer 2: I suggest removing "you can also" because it's not really part of this task. I'd consider omitting it for that reason; I'll bet your audience can figure this out by the task it has just completed.
```suggestion
Your new child team appears under its parent team in the list of teams. You can select any parent team in that list and navigate to its *Child teams* tab to see a list of all that parent team's child teams.
```

> The child team appears under its parent team in the list of teams. You can also select a parent team and navigate to the *Child teams* tab to see a list of all child teams under that parent team.

Author: ```suggestion
The child team appears under its parent team in the list of teams and inherits permissions from its parent team. You can also select a parent team and navigate to the *Child teams* tab to see a list of all child teams under that parent team.
```

== Manage Team Permissions

> When you begin using the Teams feature, your organization’s main team is named “Everyone at <Your Organization>” and does not have any permissions assigned.

Reviewer 2: What is "your organization's main team"? I see it called "your organization's root team" at Line 86, which is confusing because up at Line 7 I thought I understood "root organization" to be a parent to all other organizations, including "yours"?
Again, we need to be very precise with this language, because there are so many similar terms.
If this is just your org team name, let's drop "main"; I don't know where "main" fits in the root > org, parent > child hierarchy....

Author: ```suggestion
When you begin using the Teams feature, your organization’s root team is named “Everyone at <Root Organization>” and does not have any permissions assigned. 
If you invite users to “Everyone at <Root Organization>” without assigning any permissions to that team, your users cannot execute tasks or view assets in your organization.
```

> If you have the Organization Administrator permission, you can configure permissions for this team in addition to child teams.

Reviewer 2: Is this precisely consistent with what we say earlier in this topic set?
Why repeat it?

Reviewer 2: ```suggestion
If you have the Organization Administrator permission, you can configure permissions for this team, in addition to those for child teams.
```

> If you invite users to “Everyone at <Your Organization>” without assigning any permissions to that team, your users cannot perform execute tasks or view assets.

Author: ```suggestion
If you invite users to “Everyone at <Your Organization>” without assigning any permissions to that team, your users cannot execute tasks or view assets in your organization.
```

> If you invite users to “Everyone at <Your Organization>” without assigning any permissions to that team, your users cannot execute tasks or view assets in your organization.

Reviewer 2: I think this sentence should directly follow Line 42.

> If you invite users to “Everyone at <Your Organization>” without assigning any permissions to that team, your users cannot execute tasks or view assets in your organization.

Author: ```suggestion
```

> If you have the Organization Administrator permission in a specific business group but not your entire organization, you can assign these permissions to any of existing teams or users within your organization.

Reviewer 2: One more: this sentence refers to OA for business group but not org, whereas earlier text refers to OA for root and business group. So is this hierarchy, akin to teams, root > org > business group > teams > users?

Reviewer 2: "these permissions" = which permissions?

Reviewer 2: ```suggestion
If you have the Organization Administrator permission in a specific business group but not your entire organization, you can assign permissions to any existing teams or users within your organization.
```
"existing" makes me wonder: have we addressed how, besides inheritance, additional teams or users are given permissions? See Line 82 comment.

To configure permissions for teams in the Teams feature interface:

include::partial$include-nav-steps-team-maintainer.adoc[]

. Click the team for which you want to configure permissions.
. Click the *Permissions* tab.
. In the *Permissions* section, click *Add permissions*
. In the *Select Permissions* window, select the permissions that you want to add, and then select *Select contexts*.
. Select the business groups and environments to which you want to apply the permissions, and then select *Review*. +
The permissions you selected appear alongside the business groups and environments to which they apply.
+
. Select *Apply permissions*. +
The permissions you selected appear in the *Permissions* section for your team.

== Manage Team Users

> If you have the Organization Administrator permission in your root organization, you can add members to existing teams using three methods:

Reviewer 2: ```suggestion
If you have the Organization Administrator permission in your root organization, you can add users to existing teams using three methods:
```
...since we are distinguishing between members and maintainers....

* The Teams feature interface
* Sending an invitation to a new user via email
* External group mapping

[[invite-users-with-teams]]

> === Add Users using the Teams Interface

Reviewer 2: ```suggestion
=== Add Users Via the Teams Interface
```

include::partial$include-nav-steps-team-maintainer.adoc[]

. In the *Teams* page, select the team to which you want to add a user.
. Select *Add members*.
. Select the name of each user you want to add to the team.
. Select the membership status that you want to assign to each user: team member or team maintainer. + 
A user who is added as a team maintainer receives team maintainer permissions as soon as you confirm their membership. 
+
. Select *Add member*. +

> The user is added to the team and receives the team’s permissions.

Reviewer 2: Ah, so...maybe not point out "existing" in Line 46?
And maybe this point should be made when we describe inheritance?

Reviewer 2: Why do we specify permission reception here but not for other two methods?

> === Add Users using Email Invitations

Reviewer 2: ```suggestion
=== Add Users Via Email Invitations
```

Reviewer 2: In any case, "Using" w/b init. capped in a title.

> When you send an email to invite a new user to your organization, you can specify teams to which the user is added automatically when they accept your invitation. The user is also automatically added to your organization’s root team, known as “Everyone at <Your Organization>” by default.

Reviewer 2: "your organization's root team" confuses me still: see comments Lines 42, 7.
It would be so helpful to see this hierarchy of titles: is it root org, business orgs including "yours," teams in all business orgs, users in all teams (and therefore root org)?

> When you send an email to invite a new user to your organization, you can specify teams to which the user is added automatically when they accept your invitation. The user is also automatically added to your organization’s root team, known as “Everyone at <Your Organization>” by default.

Author: ```suggestion
When you send an email to invite a new user to your organization, you can specify teams to which the user is added automatically when they accept your invitation. The user is also automatically added to your organization’s root team, known as “Everyone at <Root Organization>” by default.
```

For more information about inviting a user to an existing team via email, see xref:users.adoc#inviting-a-user-to-anypoint-platform[Inviting a User to Anypoint Platform].

> === Add Users using External Group Mapping

Reviewer 2: ```suggestion
=== Add Users Via External Group Mapping
```

If you use single sign-on (SSO) using SAML, OIDC, or LDAP, you can map SSO users to teams. For more information, see xref:map-users-roles-teams.adoc[Map SSO Users to Teams].

> 

Reviewer 2: OK, I don't want to stress you out with all these edits, so I am going to ONLY CE from here on. Imma' assume these wobbly terms are made clear earlier? If not, I would like for you to create a JIRA and make an edit request sometime after the release, so I can look at the whole thing when we both have more time.

=== Manage Team Members and Maintainers

> When you add a user to a team, you can select whether that user is a team maintainer or a team member. You must have the Organization Administrator permission or be a team maintainer yourself to modify team members and team maintainers.

Reviewer 2: Is a team maintainer NOT a team member?

You can designate a team maintainer to delegate team maintenance responsibilities to users without giving them additional permissions, or you can remove the team maintainer designation and convert users back to team members.

include::partial$include-nav-steps-team-maintainer-admin.adoc[]

> . In the *Members* section, navigate to the user whom you want to designate as a team maintainer.

Reviewer 2: Just avoid it...:
```suggestion
. In the *Members* section, navigate to the user you want to designate as a team maintainer.
```
"a" team maintainer or "the"? More than one likely?

> . In the *Type* selector, select either *Maintainer* or *Member*. +

Reviewer 2: What is a "selector"?

Author: ```suggestion
. In the *Type* drop-down, select either *Maintainer* or *Member*. +
```

> The team membership for the user is updated.

Reviewer 2: ```suggestion
The team membership status for the user is updated.
```

[[change-team-name]]

> == Change the Name of  a Team

Reviewer 2: ```suggestion
== Change the Name of Your Team
```

Reviewer 2: Text below specifies "your team."

include::partial$include-nav-steps-team-settings.adoc[]

. In the *Name* box, enter a new name for your team. +
You can use only alphanumeric characters, hyphens, commas, periods, and spaces. The character limit is 255.
+
. Click *Save changes*. +
Your team is renamed.

> == Move a Team

Reviewer 2: ditto "a" vs "your"

Author: ```suggestion
== Move Your Team
```

include::partial$include-nav-steps-team-settings.adoc[]

. In the *Parent Team* list, select the new parent team.
. Click *Save Changes*. +
Your team and its child teams now reside under the parent team you selected.

== Delete a Team

> You must have the Organization Administrator permission to delete a team. Once you delete a team, the team cannot be restored. You cannot delete the root team that represents your entire root organization.

Reviewer 2: localization: "once" > "after"

Author: ```suggestion
You must have the Organization Administrator permission to delete a team. After you delete a team, the team cannot be restored. You cannot delete the root team that represents your entire root organization.
```

include::partial$include-nav-steps-org-admin.adoc[]

. Click *...* next to the team that you want to delete.
. Click *Delete...*.
. Enter the name of the team that you want to delete.
. Click *Delete*. +

> The team is deleted and no longer appears in the Teams page.

Reviewer 2: If "Teams" is the page label, boldface.

Author: ```suggestion
The team is deleted and no longer appears in the *Teams* page.
```

include::partial$include-nav-teams.adoc[]

. Select *Create Team*.
. Enter a unique and intuitive name for your child team. +
You can use only alphanumeric characters, hyphens, commas, periods, and spaces. The character limit is 255.
+
. Select a parent team.
. Select *Save*.

Your new child team appears under its parent team in the list of teams. You can select any parent team in that list and navigate to its *Child teams* tab to see a list of all that parent team's child teams.

== Manage Team Permissions

When you begin using the Teams feature, your organization’s root team is named “Everyone at <Root Organization>” and does not have any permissions assigned. 
If you invite users to “Everyone at <Root Organization>” without assigning any permissions to that team, your users cannot execute tasks or view assets in your organization.
If you have the Organization Administrator permission, you can configure permissions for this team, in addition to those for child teams.

If you have the Organization Administrator permission in a specific business group but not your entire organization, you can assign permissions to any existing teams or users within your organization.

> To configure permissions for teams in the Teams feature interface:

Author: ```suggestion
To configure permissions for teams in the *Teams* page:
```

include::partial$include-nav-steps-team-maintainer.adoc[]

. Click the team for which you want to configure permissions.
. Click the *Permissions* tab.
. In the *Permissions* section, click *Add permissions*
. In the *Select Permissions* window, select the permissions that you want to add, and then select *Select contexts*.
. Select the business groups and environments to which you want to apply the permissions, and then select *Review*. +
The permissions you selected appear alongside the business groups and environments to which they apply.
+
. Select *Apply permissions*. +

> The permissions you selected appear in the *Permissions* section for your team.

Author: ```suggestion
The permissions you selected now apply to team members and appear in the *Permissions* section for your team.
```

+
. Select *Add member*. +
The user is added to the team and receives the team’s permissions.

=== Add Users Via Email Invitations

When you send an email to invite a new user to your organization, you can specify teams to which the user is added automatically when they accept your invitation. The user is also automatically added to your organization’s root team, known as “Everyone at <Root Organization>” by default.

For more information about inviting a user to an existing team via email, see xref:users.adoc#inviting-a-user-to-anypoint-platform[Inviting a User to Anypoint Platform].

=== Add Users Via External Group Mapping

If you use single sign-on (SSO) using SAML, OIDC, or LDAP, you can map SSO users to teams. For more information, see xref:map-users-roles-teams.adoc[Map SSO Users to Teams].

=== Manage Team Members and Maintainers

When you add a user to a team, you can select whether that user is a team maintainer or a team member. You must have the Organization Administrator permission or be a team maintainer yourself to modify team members and team maintainers.

> You can designate a team maintainer to delegate team maintenance responsibilities to users without giving them additional permissions, or you can remove the team maintainer designation and convert users back to team members.

Reviewer: Team maintainers are still members of the team - and still get its permissions - so this section reads funny to me. Maybe `without giving them full organization administrator permissions`?

Author: ```suggestion
You can designate a team maintainer to delegate team maintenance responsibilities to users without giving them full organization administrator permissions, or you can remove the team maintainer designation and convert users back to team members.
```
